docs/Config Help.md, before:

# The Configuration File
In the root directory, there is a config.yml, which allows you to change certain things about it.

_NOTE: The config.yml is included in the .gitignore to stop people from overwriting other people's settings. If you
add something to the config, please ignore the .gitignore and commit it anyways._

Below, there is a table of each thing in the config, and what it does:

| Name           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Data Type | Notes                                                                                                                                            |
|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Overall**    |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | Section                                                                                                                                          |
| Agent_Name     | Specifies which agent (ie. algorithm) will be used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | String    |                                                                                                                                                  |
| Env_Name       | Specifies which environment to be used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | String    |                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Output**     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | Section                                                                                                                                          |
| Verbose        | Whether to log debug statements to console / logs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Boolean   |                                                                                                                                                  |
| Render         | Whether to render a UI for the agent's training                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Boolean   | You can't render to the screen and record at the same time! (You can using Docker, not on UNIX). Defaults to render if you enable both.          |
| **Save**       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | Section                                                                                                                                          |
| No_Episodes    | How many episodes to log a detailed report for + 1 (ie. output the rest of the things specified below). This works by taking this number and converting it to a range over the max episodes. <br/> <br/> For example: (max_episodes = 1_000, no_episodes = 5) will save Episodes [0, 200, 400, 600, 800, 999] | Integer   | Can't be less than or equal to 0. <br/> <br/>Cumulative and average rewards are collected at the end of each episode, regardless of this number. |
| CSV            | Whether to save episodes and their timesteps in a CSV file                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Boolean   |                                                                                                                                                  |
| Charts         | Whether to save graphs drawn (cumulative reward, stuff like that) as a png.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Boolean   |                                                                                                                                                  |
| Raw            | Whether to save all raw information in a text file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Boolean   | The file may be huge if you specify a lot of timesteps!                                                                                          |
| Recordings     | Whether to save a recording of episodes specified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Boolean   | You can't render to the screen and record at the same time! (You can using Docker, not on UNIX). Defaults to render if you enable both.          |
| **Episodes**   |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | Section                                                                                                                                          |
| Max            | Maximum amount of episodes before stopping training.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Integer   | Training will stop based on whichever <br/> one comes first out of max_episodes <br/> and max_timesteps                                          |
| **Timesteps**  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | Section                                                                                                                                          |
| Max            | The total number of timesteps to iterate through                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Integer   |                                                                                                                                                  |
| Start_Training | When to start allowing the agent to train                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Integer   | \> Timesteps (Max)                                                                                                                               |
| **Agents**     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | Section                                                                                                                                          |

Commit message:

Fixed some weird random stuff

docs/Config Help.md, after:

# The Configuration File
In the root directory, there is a config.yml, which allows you to change certain things about it.



I've created a couple tables below organised by section, to make our lives easier

## Overall

Settings that are universal no matter what agent you're running.

| Name           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Data Type | Notes                                                                                                                                            |
|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Agent_Name     | Specifies which agent (ie. algorithm) will be used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | String    |                                                                                                                                                  |
| Env_Name       | Specifies which environment to be used.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | String    |                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Output**     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | Section                                                                                                                                          |
| Verbose        | Whether to log debug statements to console / logs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Boolean   |                                                                                                                                                  |
| Render         | Whether to render a UI for the agent's training                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Boolean   | You can't render to the screen and record at the same time! (You can using Docker, not on UNIX). Defaults to render if you enable both.          |
| **Save**       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | Section                                                                                                                                          |
| No_Episodes    | How many episodes to log a detailed report for + 1 (ie. output the rest of the things specified below). This works by taking this number and converting it to a range over the max episodes. <br/> <br/> For example: (max_episodes = 1_000, no_episodes = 5) will save Episodes [0, 200, 400, 600, 800, 999] | Integer   | Can't be less than or equal to 0. <br/> <br/>Cumulative and average rewards are collected at the end of each episode, regardless of this number. |
| CSV            | Whether to save episodes and their timesteps in a CSV file                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Boolean   |                                                                                                                                                  |
| Charts         | Whether to save graphs drawn (cumulative reward, stuff like that) as a png.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Boolean   |                                                                                                                                                  |
| Raw            | Whether to save all raw information in a text file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Boolean   | The file may be huge if you specify a lot of timesteps!                                                                                          |
| Recordings     | Whether to save a recording of episodes specified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Boolean   | You can't render to the screen and record at the same time! (You can using Docker, not on UNIX). Defaults to render if you enable both.          |
| **Episodes**   |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | Section                                                                                                                                          |
| Max            | Maximum amount of episodes before stopping training.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Integer   | Training will stop based on whichever <br/> one comes first out of max_episodes <br/> and max_timesteps                                          |
| **Timesteps**  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |           | Section                                                                                                                                          |
| Max            | The total number of timesteps to iterate through                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Integer   |                                                                                                                                                  |
| Start_Training | When to start allowing the agent to train                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | Integer   | \> Timesteps (Max)                                                                                                                               |

## Agents

Settings that are specific to each agent.

_NOTE: The config.yml is included in the .gitignore to stop people from overwriting other people's settings. If you
add something to the config, please ignore the .gitignore and commit it anyways._

| Name       | Description                         | Data Type | Notes |
|------------|-------------------------------------|-----------|-------|
| **Random** | Selects actions completely randomly |           |       |
| Foo        | Useless - just used as an example   | String    |       |
